Jumping off of the previous lesson.
Imagine you're still a product manager at Spotify,
but this time focusing on expanding out their partner integrations.
You're in the Business Development Team,
getting talks with Alaskan Airlines where you discuss the strategy and tactics of
launching an in-flight entertainment experience on
their planes powered by streaming content from Spotify.
The Alaskan Airlines Analytics team does let you know that their user base skews
a little towards Android users
gleaned by the market share of downloads from their mobile app.
You then work with your Internal Data Science Team at Spotify to determine that
Android users have had
historically slightly different taste profiles compared to iOS users.
Rather than straight up data feeds or [inaudible] which is good for starting an analysis,
it's best to display these trends in
a visualization format that's easy for all stakeholders to understand.
As a result of this hypothetical case study,
you have presented to stakeholders
the different music trends on Android versus iOS so that
the Alaskan Airlines and Spotify partnership integration
plays music that caters slightly more to the Android user base.